CSA benchmark v2.72.0 — period accuracy guards
Build: CSA-v4.55.0-period-accuracy-guards
Feedback engine: 10.50.0 | Selector: 4.37.0 | Validator: 1.15.0

DEPLOY ONLY TO THE SEPARATE BENCHMARK SERVICE
Extract this ZIP and upload its contents to the benchmark GitHub repository,
preserving the benchmark/ folder. Do not upload the ZIP itself as source code.
Include the NEW root file period-accuracy.js. Keep your existing environment
settings and saved benchmark data. No database migration or new API key is needed.
This package has NOT been deployed automatically.

CHANGES
- Unverified monthly estimates cannot become entries, even when supply/demand
  flags or a repeated visual price claim say they are independent evidence.
- A model matching a period price cannot invent a different owning month or
  gain exact-horizontal-line authority from that match.
- Chart-only Fib estimates remain unverified and block entry approval.
- Month comparisons use dates, not row positions. D1 validation requires the
  exact January-through-cutoff date sequence.
- Provider inventory is checked for invalid ranges, integrity warnings, and
  dated source candles outside the declared monthly high/low. Source-extreme
  candle dates are included when available in the JSON sourceCandleAudit.
- Broker chart-header OHLC is no longer injected into provider period extrema.
- The final chart candle cannot fill missing full-period extrema/open, shrink
  a known month, insert zero prices, or modify July when August is missing.
- The reader is explicitly told that header OHLC describes ONE candle, not
  the whole month, and not to infer exact dates from image spacing.
- Existing completed-period exclusion, shared Fib-band limits and summary-only
  diagnostic mode are retained. No disputed instrument prices are hardcoded.
- Explicitly unverified entry/frame evidence also fails strict regression checks.

WHAT THIS DOES NOT CLAIM
This is an accuracy/verification fix, not a replacement broker feed. Provider
symbol coverage and broker-versus-provider price equivalence remain unresolved
where the existing feed cannot supply matching data. Missing authoritative data
will produce Needs review and no selected entries, not fabricated correct prices.
Source-candle containment is an integrity check, not proof of complete broker
history. Screenshots alone cannot certify exact historical OHLC.
No live model/provider run was performed and no paid AI calls were used here.

USA500 EXPECTATION
Re-evaluate June low and April high near 38.2, January high near 50, and March
high near 61.8 using verified candle prices. July low must independently pass
the existing capped boundary allowance; it must not be merged into a invented
zone to rescue it. The expected sequence is not hardcoded into the selector.

TEST
npm run check
npm run test:benchmarks
The package adds behavioral tests for provenance, date ownership, range
integrity, current-period isolation and the discussed Fib-boundary cases.

NEXT CHECK
After Render deploys, verify the build ID above in Export JSON. Re-run the same
five charts in credit-saving automatic mode and send the batch summary + JSON.
Do not save disputed rows as strict benchmarks. Exact missing monthly values
need a matching broker OHLC feed/export or independently verified cursor data.
